Cindy/spocontainer (#562)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Remove-SPODeletedContainer.md

---
external help file: sharepointonline.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell
online version: 
applicable: SharePoint Online
title: Remove-SPODeletedContainer
schema: 2.0.0
author: cindylay
ms.author: cindylay
ms.reviewer:
---

> 
> # Remove-SPODeletedContainer
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Remove-SPODeletedContainer
```

## SYNOPSIS

> Permanently deletes the specified Container from the Recycle Bin. This action cannot be undone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permanently deletes the specified container from the Recycle Bin. This action cannot be undone.
```

## SYNTAX

### ParamSet1

```powershell
Remove-SPODeletedContainer [–Identity <ContainerId>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The `Remove-SPODeletedContainer` cmdlet permanently removes a deleted Container from the Recycle Bin. A permanently deleted Container cannot be recovered. You must be a SharePoint Administrator or Global Administrator to run the cmdlet.
> 
> :warning:  **Please Note:**  Permanently deleting Containers is generally NOT recommended
> 
>  
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Remove-SPODeletedContainer` cmdlet permanently removes a deleted container from the Recycle Bin. A permanently deleted container cannot be recovered. You must be a SharePoint Administrator or Global Administrator to run the cmdlet.

**Important**: We do not generally recommend that you permanently delete containers.
```

Author: We are considering capitalizing the term Container as a SharePoint repository services Container across all our docs. Would it be ok to capitalize in that scenario?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For permissions and the most current information about Windows PowerShell for SharePoint Online, see the online documentation at [Intro to SharePoint Online Management Shell](/powershell/sharepoint/sharepoint-online/introduction-sharepoint-online-management-shell?view=sharepoint-ps).

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## EXAMPLES

### -----------------------EXAMPLE 1-----------------------------

```powershell
Remove-SPODeletedContainer –Identity b66f5b2e-4cbd-4754-9ad3-8291c2c81ade
```

> This example removes a deleted Container with the `ContainerId` `b66f5b2e-4cbd-4754-9ad3-8291c2c81ade` from the Recycle Bin and deletes it permanently.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example removes a deleted container with the `ContainerId` `b66f5b2e-4cbd-4754-9ad3-8291c2c81ade` from the Recycle Bin and deletes it permanently.
```

## PARAMETERS

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### -Identity

> Specifies the `<ContainerId>` of the Container to be permanently deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the `<ContainerId>` of the container to be permanently deleted.
```

 
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: SharePoint Online

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### CommonParameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## INPUTS

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
